Routing file configuration (#1510)
liip/LiipImagineBundle: Resources/doc/installation.rst

.. code-block:: bash

    composer require liip/imagine-bundle
    

> If you accept the Symfony Flex recipe during installation you are done!

Reviewer: there is still some manual configuration necessary after installing.
```suggestion
If you accept the Symfony Flex recipe during installation, the bundle is
registered, routing set up and the configuration skeleton file is created. You
can now adapt the configuration to your needs.
```
